Richelle Direny: Hi Sandra.
Sandee A: Hi.
Richelle Direny: How are you
Sandee A: I'm not doing too good.
Sandee A: I fell. This morning when I got up and I have to go to the emergency room and get checked out.
Sandee A: I was starting to get into find out for sure what time the important that was because my orthopedic said if I did in fact break my hip this time that prolonging surgery could cause irreversible and unattainable damage.
Sandee A: So I'm scared.
Richelle Direny: What so um so what's going. I know you're supposed to have surgery tomorrow. Right.
Sandee A: Yeah, the moves been postponed until Friday because the place that we ran into the U Haul from
Sandee A: Does in town moves, only they won't allow you to go more than 100 miles. So we have defined another U Haul that would allow a one way trip. And I don't know how the wires crossed, but they did.
Sandee A: So,
Sandee A: I got confirmation last night from my daughter in an email that we do have the truck for one way of Friday at 11 o'clock.
Richelle Direny: The same day as your postpone surgery.
Sandee A: Friday at 11 I know I didn't have surgery postponed.
Richelle Direny: Surgery was supposed to be tomorrow. I thought
Richelle Direny: Or your move was supposed to be tomorrow.
Sandee A: Right, my move was supposed to be tomorrow, but because of the U Haul mess up. We can't take the
Sandee A: M. O.
Sandee A: Now the move this Friday. Will we get to track that we can take one way
Sandee A: And it's over 200 miles so
Sandee A: You need to get more rest.
Richelle Direny: Me know
Richelle Direny: You're yawning. No, you know what it is. Um, I eat a healthy breakfast.
Richelle Direny: Um, I made dumplings quarter.
Richelle Direny: coconut flour dumplings.
Richelle Direny: Cod. Good.
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, usually when you eat very heavy
Sandee A: I like that Thanksgiving meal.
Richelle Direny: So I had a very heavy breakfast. But no, I mean they're sending it's there were saying the message because when they told me originally that you're you checked in.
Richelle Direny: I was wondering, I was like, What's taking her so long to come over and then they said that you were still in I guess he had you as a central time
Richelle Direny: So they were wondering if you were coming over. And I'm like, what's taking so what happened. Did your, your past doing your labs.
Sandee A: It my what
Richelle Direny: On your labs.
Sandee A: on my lap.
Richelle Direny: Okay, they sent a note. Did you you broke her hip last night.
Sandee A: No, no.
Sandee A: Fell
Sandee A: And I landed on my head. I don't know if it's broken or not. I have to go get checked out.
Sandee A: And I've been waiting, because I knew I had an appointment with you this morning. I didn't want to miss it.
Sandee A: And I couldn't remember if it was 11 or 12 they said it was one. So, but I'm glad you got me in because I have to get to the hospital and get checked out.
Sandee A: The doctor told today. Yeah. Yay, told me if I did break it, and I wait, then I could cause irreversible and your repairable images.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well,
Richelle Direny: Is it painful right now. Is it people
Sandee A: Yeah, it's very painful. It's kind of ease up a little bit because I have the patches, the light became patches and I've got three of them on right now so
Richelle Direny: So who's taking you to the doctor.
Sandee A: I have to call em house.
Richelle Direny: So called fam Sandy.
Richelle Direny: You could have. You could have told me. You couldn't come to the session today.
Sandee A: Well, I thought it was important. And I'm really not that crazy
Sandee A: About going to the hospital. So
Richelle Direny: I know what I'd rather you go get checked out and it not be anything worse than
Sandee A: Oh, it's 12 o'clock and believe it or not, I've been trying to get dressed, since nine I'm into this hurts to move. So I'm getting there, though, but
Richelle Direny: So I came across a while you're talking to me right now. Can you do you have another phone or any way that you could call him so they can
Richelle Direny: Be in route to come and get you.
Sandee A: Know, I have a button. I can push the medical thing around my neck my button.
Richelle Direny: So when you feel you when you felt you didn't have the ALERT Button to pressure, pressure
Sandee A: Yeah but i did i i don't like hospitals, so I just got myself up and back in the bed and I laid there for a long time. I called my daughter. I called my case manager passport letter. No, just kind of
Promoting
Sandee A: Well, after I spoke to the doctor and realized how serious it can be. I'm going to the hospital. Believe me, but I'm still not completely dressed. I don't have any pants on.
So,
Richelle Direny: What you're saying that you're
Richelle Direny: Trying to get you said that you've been trying to
Richelle Direny: You've been trying to get dressed.
Sandee A: This morning. Yeah, I have.
Sandee A: I made it this far, but I still have so much hands on and my shoes.
Richelle Direny: And it's very painful to do that right
Sandee A: It's very painful to move errands to top it off, I get an aide that comes in three times a week, and she didn't show up this morning. So did you
Sandee A: Get that help yeah I called and they said it's because of the move and they thought I was moving tomorrow. So they want to have been terminated my services.
Sandee A: I was ever
Sandee A: On Monday, Wednesday and Friday. They just went ahead your
Richelle Direny: What your move with force was set for tomorrow. So then they got terminated prematurely, you still need to dance.
Richelle Direny: Yeah and if they hadn't come here today, they would have helped you.
Richelle Direny: In your clothes on.
Sandee A: Yep, that's the way it's supposed to happen. They come and they help and get the shower and they helped me get dressed and
Sandee A: I mean that's been going on for a long time. Like I I'm disabled and I can't move. I mean, you know, that's why I was on all the opiates and I'm 63 years old. This body is wracked with pain.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, um, so you caught you. So you spoke to your doctor first thing this morning, then
Sandee A: I should have went to the emergency room or right away, but I'm kind of stubborn bowhead
Sandee A: And I don't like hospitals.
Sandee A: And after having that double bypass in December.
Sandee A: still fresh in my mind. I don't really want to go.
Sandee A: Not even the best of health.
Sandee A: Trying to fix me one piece at a time, but
Sandee A: It's hard, you know,
Richelle Direny: Hey, okay yeah i mean i listen, I get it in our time yes is definitely important. But I think your health overall is is much more of a concern, um,
Richelle Direny: You know, and if you're i mean i know
Richelle Direny: Maybe two years ago. I remember when my grandmother fell
Richelle Direny: She is selling the bathroom and she was having she was in a whole lot of pain, no matter what you did. You picked her up, you try to
Richelle Direny: She was a pain.
Richelle Direny: Got around the bed, no matter what we did. She was in excruciating pain.
Sandee A: At done that I fell in the bathroom do and that is not pretty scenery.
Sandee A: And I got
Sandee A: stuck between a toilet in the bathtub.
Richelle Direny: That's how she does how she fell, and she had gotten stuff. And when she had fell because she's you know I want to say she's
Sandee A: I fractured
Richelle Direny: her and she went she felt it. And when they finally call the doctor or they they had to take her to we were on family vacation. Actually, and she
Richelle Direny: When she went to the finally went to the doctor. They had said she um she broke her hip. She had broke it really bad. She had like pretty much cracked it in half.
Richelle Direny: That's why she was in so much pain and her her threshold for pain was so high was like it was really bad, but the fact that you know we achieved stayed
Richelle Direny: Should went through this like a whole 20 because we were at a hotel. And so, but you know
Richelle Direny: It ended up that you know she eventually. So that's why I said, I understand.
Richelle Direny: The importance, you know, your health is
Richelle Direny: Way more important than anything else. Your health is more important. So, you know, and I heard not wanting to go to the hospital or not wanting to be there, but
Richelle Direny: You know, it's
Sandee A: It's it's necessary. I'm gonna go leave me, but I know I can't go in my underwear.
Richelle Direny: Well him. I'm sure they will help you. And besides, remember they take you, they're going to put you in a gown. Anyway, they're gonna take it all back off and put you in again.
Sandee A: You know, up here, honestly, up here. It depends on what you were to the hospital. If you don't have any metal on your pants or on your bras or anything. They don't make any change anymore.
Sandee A: Not unless it's heart related or, you know,
Sandee A: Then, then it could take your top off but they usually don't
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, and then you're in there also opening. Well, you're in, you're in what Ohio. Right.
Richelle Direny: So they're opening up back everything
Richelle Direny: Baron day
Sandee A: As the first of May.
Richelle Direny: Which is next Friday.
Sandee A: This Friday.
Richelle Direny: I'm stuck in nicely. Yes, it's this Friday.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Sandee A: Listen, there was something else I want to talk to you about and I can't do it in group. Um, and this is one on one. Um, I have a concern.
Sandee A: And it's a acquaintance of mine who actually recommended me to bright heart and she's a lot younger than me. But she's an alcoholic and she drinks every day.
Sandee A: She also takes Suboxone. And that scares me. She tried for
Sandee A: well over a year locally to get Suboxone because she has had
Sandee A: Her pain comes from
Sandee A: A bad accident. She was in she broke her neck.
Sandee A: But that being said she drinks every day all day.
Sandee A: Saturday night there was an explosion, because she also have to wear oxygen and she burned her chest pain in her neck really bad.
Richelle Direny: Guys now.
Sandee A: No she didn't know the hospital because she was so intoxicated and she's got Suboxone
Richelle Direny: What he was
Sandee A: Doing is she's an acquaintance of mine, Rochelle. She actually told me about like art when I
Richelle Direny: Started and she she's in the program.
Yes.
Sandee A: And the thing of it is, see, I used to go to the cash doctor, I had to pay $250 a month every month until I found bright heart.
Sandee A: And when I would go, they would give me the cup and I did the urine test and they also put this thing on my thumb and it was for alcohol and i don't i'm not during her so I didn't have any worries about it, but with
Sandee A: This with the video. She's able to lie and say she doesn't drink. She fills out the surveys and says she hasn't had anything to drink and before the first part of March before all this pandemic stuff came down, she was supposed to go in to detox from survive or from alcohol.
Sandee A: With a local Suboxone doctor who also told her he would do everything he could
Sandee A: To repair her liver, which is also very bad.
Sandee A: I would really i mean i don't know what consequences would come to bright are but I mean I just found in you guys. And I think you're amazing.
Sandee A: With what you can do, but an instance like that I mean just she had this explosion just Saturday night. I mean, it could have been worse could burn the whole house down.
Sandee A: Luckily,
Sandee A: Luckily she just an acquaintance of mine, I, I don't know how the program works or, you know,
Richelle Direny: You said that she she she she recommended Bernhardt and she's a part of Braveheart us, which is
Sandee A: Yeah, that's
Sandee A: What's the person's name is
Sandee A: Sherry young
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'll look into the thanks for sharing. And I mean your concerns are very valid. You're right. Because when it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: You know you can't take any medication even Tylenol, you can't consume it with alcohol. It tells you anything that you take always say
Sandee A: He is so bad of an alcoholic that she should drink their big tall cans of beer and she gets up through the middle of the night. She says she shakes so bad that she has to during the beers that there are left over stale warm beer.
Sandee A: Just to be right. And I don't think that's it. I mean Suboxone has a narcotic in it.
Sandee A: And she's or
Sandee A: Her fiance told me since she's been on Suboxone she's been following this week, more
Sandee A: Obviously lit cigarettes in our hand in her mouth and this I mean she's both be on oxygen. Oxygen dependent
Sandee A: So, I mean, I would. My thing is I don't go to a funeral.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Sandee A: I can listen. But I also worry i mean
Sandee A: You guys are not going to tell her I called you, are you
Richelle Direny: It's well know you you're sharing something or sharing it anonymously. The only thing you can do is just the, you know, the only thing we can do is just monitor and you know if you have legitimate concerns maybe talking to her, and no see what you're doing is just trying to find
Sandee A: The best. Well, she told me that when she first came to write our she was honest with said she brings occasionally, which is Hawaii. She drinks every day all day.
Sandee A: And that is what prevented her from ever getting any Suboxone here locally.
Sandee A: Now, I mean to talk to her. You can't tell she's integrated
Sandee A: But she doesn't go any longer than two hours without drinking something
Sandee A: That that's every day.
Sandee A: She's already been told her liver is failing.
Sandee A: But her main concern is that next year.
Sandee A: And Suboxone
Sandee A: She was in a very bad car accident. A few years ago I get that she's got real pain.
Sandee A: But you can't have her the whole cake and all the icing to
Sandee A: I'm just afraid that she's gonna die. And I'm going to go to a funeral.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um, listen, like I said your
Sandee A: Life thing he didn't tell you
Richelle Direny: I want you to think about it for a moment. What do you think
Sandee A: If I didn't think it was writing it wouldn't have came forward but
Richelle Direny: In sharing, if you have someone that is, you know, if you feel is at risk. The mere fact is if there was an explosion, where there was
Sandee A: A fire.
Sandee A: And she said it was like fireball from the
Richelle Direny: What was anyone there. Did anyone go to check her on her.
Sandee A: Her fiance was there, nice A's are but I mean it could have been so much for I know them oxygen tanks can explode.
Sandee A: And at 14 kids, they're
Sandee A: Living their fiance.
Sandee A: I mean it scared me. That's all I can say. I hope I've done the right thing.
Sandee A: To do, because I've tried talking to her, and
Sandee A: She doesn't listen
Sandee A: And she's so young.
Oh,
Sandee A: Message coordinator about are the medication coordinator was once I do, I'll be at Thursday's meeting, I will need a refill and
Sandee A: I was hoping that Miss Natalie could
Sandee A: Go a little longer than the two weeks, maybe three least to allow me to get situated down and try and find a pharmacy, because I've got all of my
Sandee A: My daily medications, the doctor gave me a prescription paper prescription to take with me for a six month supply so that I because I still haven't found the family doctor yet.
Richelle Direny: You. So who is that it was a specialist that you spoke to about your file.
Sandee A: Yeah do orthopedic surgeon
Richelle Direny: For your other medical
Richelle Direny: For your other other medical issues. You don't want to a primary you go to all special. I
Sandee A: Have it. Yeah, I have a primary
Sandee A: And my primary went ahead and prescribed gave me paper prescriptions to hand carry for the medications, I take daily like my thyroid medication and my sinus medication. So I'll at least have that because I don't have a PCP lined up yet.
Richelle Direny: You're talking about all of these doctors and specialists lined up for when you move to where you're moving to
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay.
Sandee A: Okay Iver
Sandee A: Rochelle. I've already consulted with and have established myself with a orthopedic there in Troy and that's who wants me to go get checked.
Sandee A: I don't have a primary care doctor there yet.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I think the best way you can do that, I believe, is if you were supposed to call um
Richelle Direny: I think if you call your insurance company or sometimes like even a premier I know like when I moved from one counts. When to next. What I do is either I'll ask for a recommendation from the doctor that I'm leaving. And to go to the new
Sandee A: Location yeah I did ask Dr. G. And he he doesn't know anyone that far away so
Sandee A: I'm kind of hoping like didn't go with my daughter's
Richelle Direny: Doctor, but that's what, that's another option and even sometimes like even if you go to your daughter's doctor and they can recommend someone
Sandee A: Because I have a lot of health issues so that that I'm
Richelle Direny: Patients ration
Richelle Direny: Recommendations are always really good
Richelle Direny: Then yeah
Sandee A: All right, miss. Um, I'm gonna go ahead and get off here and try to get my hands on and call the squad.
Richelle Direny: Well hold on one second. Let me check that. That's why I said, how long does it take for them to
Richelle Direny: How long does it take for them to arm to come once you you press the button.
Sandee A: Three to five minutes.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it's not that sure. I mean, it's not that long.
Sandee A: No, there'll be here very quickly.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what's your last name is Sandra.
Sandee A: My last name.
Sandee A: As well.
Richelle Direny: As though. Okay. Let me double check. Since you're here.
Richelle Direny: Now this is the thing you have group on Thursday, depending. I mean it depending on the direction
Richelle Direny: That the
Richelle Direny: It really just depends on the direction that the doctor.
Richelle Direny: Decide to go when you go into the
Richelle Direny: When you go into the doctor that determines whether or not they'll release you because like if you have a fracture in your hip or airline fracture or something. They're probably going to want to monitor you were, you know, recommend something for you before you read this shirt that
Sandee A: Says edition. That's going to do my surgery is in Troy and I can't have the surgery there unless I get moved or unless it's a medical emergency.
Sandee A: But
Sandee A: Your daughter, you know, Danielle gave me her direct number. And she said, no matter what to go ahead and update her after I get seen at the hospital to let her know where I'm at.
Sandee A: Medically and I will do that. I promise.
Richelle Direny: Because then they also have to check in to see where you
Richelle Direny: For your medication for your medication to get picked up, remember we're talking about that in group.
Sandee A: For my medication to get picked up. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: About when you get the Suboxone like where do you pick it up now.
Sandee A: I just, I have a local pharmacy, it's, it's not. I mean, there's only two of them. There's one in Mansfield morn and bellville and it's called the town pharmacy and so
Richelle Direny: Corporation
Richelle Direny: So we're, we're in where you're moving to ensure you would have to find out where there's
Sandee A: I have to find a pharmacy, um,
Sandee A: Natalie had mentioned CDs. You said they were ok but Danielle told me that they were really
Sandee A: They really have trouble dealing with them. She said, a Kroger would be preferred. I've never had any prescriptions at a Kroger company. So it's all going to remain to be seen. Once I get there. So, and, you know, just be a little easier for me if I didn't have so much on my plate.
Richelle Direny: I agree. All right, I wholeheartedly agree, but your daughter, your given that you're going to be living with your daughter, she will be helping you with
Sandee A: Yes, yeah.
Sandee A: That's true.
Sandee A: But see what I'm saying if I, if I can.
Sandee A: Spread it out a little further. All of the concerns that I have, then I won't be so overwhelmed.
Sandee A: And that, you know, a month would give me a little bit more time.
Sandee A: Yeah, I understand that it also encourages people to come to group, but with me missing that one appointment, because I had that kidney infection. I mean, I set the alarm in my phone now. So even if I do fall asleep. I will hear the alarm.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. I mean, I think everything will work out hopefully
Richelle Direny: It's not anything major you're able to fulfill your
Richelle Direny: Know, to get your procedure done and hopefully I'm
Richelle Direny: Just the move, it doesn't get pushed back again. And that's another thing, because there's only limited things that you can do, even with your move having them come and picking up your stuff and being transported from here, from where you are.
Sandee A: Well, worst case scenario, if I did break or fracture my hip and I do have to keep me in the hospital. It's already been
Sandee A: They will transport me down to Miami county to where the orthopedic is for the surgery. My daughter in turn will have to come up here and get my stuff out of the apartment while I'm in the hospital alone.
Sandee A: And as if you look I'm surrounded by boxes I i've been packing for weeks. So this is the cluster mess that I live in all the boxes where there's tacked up to the ceiling so
Sandee A: Everything is ready to go.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, sounds like you have everything ready to go and
Sandee A: I'm trying. I have a little bit of OCD, too. So
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Well, yeah.
Sandee A: But I will check in on Thursday, why even if I'm in the hospital. I probably will have my cell phone with me.
So,
Sandee A: I see one Thursday them. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, Sandy just makes just let let us know even sending it to update a message just updating, let me know that everything is fine. Okay.
Sandee A: I don't have a direct email for you I you sent me one to confirm an appointment, a while back.
Richelle Direny: Remember to send me text me that so that message to that number that I sent you the message to confirm our appointment.
Sandee A: It's my cell phone number. It's the one on record. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I know. And so when I had sent you the text, you still have that number, right.
Sandee A: No, I don't have your number anymore. Right. I think I archive did or
Richelle Direny: Message.
Richelle Direny: I send you a message will have it. Okay.
Sandee A: All right, miss.
Richelle Direny: You. All right. Thank you. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Bye bye.